feat(docs): v5 5.1.1 update (en) (#574)
emqx/cloud-docs: en_US/create/dedicated.md

### Connection Information

- **Address**: The IP address.
- **Ports**: `1883` (mqtt) and `8083` (ws) are enabled by default. You can configure TLS/SSL to enable `8883` (mqtts) and `8084` (wss) ports.

> - **Ports Management**: Allows you to open or close an individual port separately.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Ports Management**: Allows you to disable or enable an individual port separately.
```
